---
layout: doc_page
title: The Story
toc: true
---


# Story
When we last met Halite was fought in the trenches of a battlefield; the fearsome battle fraught with peril had left the planet desolate: all the Halite was mined and no clear winner was in sight. No faction wished to yield, for he who controls the Halite controls the universe. But alas, the people of Halite have evolved beyond battlefields and are vying for true control of the universe. But who of the Halatians will win?
## Background
In the vast expanse of this universe, four Halite factions fight for control of solar systems; your mission, should you choose to accept it is to command a flotilla of our faction, and defend our people from the dreadful enemies. Unfortunately, due to the scale of this war, and sheer distance, it is a literal impossibility to assure you a large command: we offer you three ships and no plan of reinforcements. But fear not, each of those ships comes pre-installed with the Replicatron 5000, and as soon as you feed it the precious Halite, it should immediately create new ships for you. We have planned to send you to a solar system bursting with Halite, so for a skilled commander like you, that should be an easy task. Our lead scientist should provide you with more information hence.

## Science
Pleasure to meet you, commander. As you well know we have merely started this space race, and in many ways are still novices. The good news is that through our spies and counter-spies we have found out our enemies are no better off. We may have conquered space, but only done so in two dimensions. I assure you it’s a harder problem than it seems: it turns out turning in space is pretty tough when your ship is made of salt. Due to similar reasons we have not been able to effectively counter-balance inertia. The good news, however, is that we have scouted only solar systems which are replete with an element we call Ether. This Ether which permeates the surrounding space keeps our ships from only accelerating as would be the case with mere vacuum. Thus, you can accelerate at up to 10 parsecs/turns^2, but the ether decelerates you at a constant 3 parsecs/turns^2.
Oh yes, and as such we land on our second problem: our ships processors are also made of salt and can’t heat too much. As such we have not exactly been able to achieve great clock speeds. As such you may only issue one command per cycle, which equates to a turn, which in turn equates to roughly 2 seconds. The good news is that the blasters are also made of salt, so they also can only shoot a certain amount of energy per turn, so faster clocks wouldn’t have helped you much there anyway. No, I’m not joking, and please stop asking why I’m so obsessed with salt. The better news is that you may use a personal computer made of the best cumulus nimbus we have to offer to precompute the moves prior to giving them to the slower ship computer. Note that due to the nature of the cumulus nimbus, it may be used by anyone, including our enemies; though we have done our best to separate them, understand it is ultimately shared. This is incidentally why we couldn’t use the nimbus to for the ship processor in case you are curious.
The energy shots should be simple enough though: all ships have equal destructive power, and ships spread their fire equally between all enemies within range. If one single enemy ship is in range for two turns, your ship will promptly destroy it (it should be noted however that your ship should be destroyed along with it due to the equal technology). However, if you encounter two enemy ships, your blaster should destroy neither, but rather half-destroy each, whereas you shall be fully shot down. I would avoid those encounters, and rather attempt to move in formation to not over-extend.
But on to the fun part: you’re not travelling for the dog-fights (at least I hope not), but rather to mine the glorious Halite. And to mine Halite, you need to conquer and colonize a Halite planet. We have significantly simplified this matter: when in close reach of a planet, issue a command to dock, and your ship should know what to do. Note that docking takes 5 turns and turns off all ship systems that do not concern themselves with docking (yes, again due to the salt processor), so be careful not to dock next to enemies who can shoot you down. Undocking is an equal but opposite reaction. Mind that you cannot colonize a planet that is already colonized: in such a case, simply destroy the enemy ships before proceeding to dock. However, if you feel vengeful, use our patented wind of the gods technique: run into the planet. Do so enough times and the planet will be destroyed. A planet can absorb a collision from a full-health ship for each ship it could have produced, so a planet capable of producing 10 ships will explode on the 10th collision.
Once docked in the planet, your ship will mine Halite automatically, and with our patented Replicatron 5000, you should automatically produce more ships. The larger the planet, the more ships you can dock; the more ships you have docked, the more Halite you produce. Furthermore, the larger the planet, the more Halite the planet can produce in total. 
This should be all, commander. The general should be waiting for you in the war room to give you his closing words.

## Winning Condition
Hello again pawn… I mean, commander. Now that you have been briefed, you should know what to do: Destroy your competition or conquer all planets, and you shall be victorious. As a reminder, your ship has enough fuel for approximately 300 turns, at which point you will be stranded. We will provide you more fuel in larger solar systems, giving you more time to maneuver and fight. In such a case we will consider ourselves victorious if we have mined the most Halite (produced the most ships). If we have mined equally to our dreaded enemies, you will be victorious if you have destroyed the most enemy Halite (destroyed most enemy ships). It is a hard mission, but I would just like to remind you that you have initialed this involuntary war participation form, so no backing out now. Good luck, we’re all counting on you.

